my name is Jonathan Hayes I'm an actor
living in France and this is my second
tour de france so the first one was in
London where I did just the two stages
and so I decided to come back and enjoy
this second tour on our caravan there
are 11 vehicle six cycles to old cars
six Nori's and on the caravan that I am
on I'm carrying two thousand five
hundred liters of water to spray the
public it's amazing it's very exciting
because I'm spraying thousands of people
every day and probably millions by the
end of the tour it's like a play there's
a very public we do something and then
they are to see them happy as well you
get the odd people don't like it and try
to spray you with water as well there is
good fun what I prefer i think has been
on the caravan and seeing all the
different country sides of variations of
France and seeing all these people like
these just waiting to be wetted to see
ya I'm just I can't believe this the
amount of people that are there waiting
for hours to see the caravan go fast and
then the cyclists and that's amazing
you